S3 Replication Notes:-
    
	Types of Object Replication:
	    Cross-Region replication (CRR) -  is used to copy objects across Amazon S3 buckets in different AWS Regions.
        Same-Region replication (SRR) -   is used to copy objects across Amazon S3 buckets in the same AWS Region.
		
Note:- Buckets that are configured for object replication can be owned by the same AWS account or by different accounts.

Why to use Replication:
    
	Replicate objects while retaining metadata ( Retained original object creation time and version IDs	) - To ensure  that your replica is identical to the source object.
	
	Replicate objects into different storage classes - Object can be be moved to different storage class while using replication (even Archive class - Glacier, Glacier Deep Arch).
	
	Maintain object copies under different ownership - Benifit is, you can set different ownership at destination bucket side. You can use this option to restrict access to object replicas.
	
	Replicate objects within 15 minutes - S3 Replication Time Control (S3 RTC) to replicate your data in the same AWS Region or across different Regions in a predictable time frame.S3 RTC replicates 99.99 percent of new objects stored in Amazon S3 within 15 minutes
	
	
When to Use CRR:
     
    Meet compliance requirements
	Minimize latency
	Increase operational efficiency
	
When to Use SRR	
    Aggregate logs into a single bucket
	Configure live replication between production and test accounts
	Abide by data sovereignty laws - In a region you can store multiplw copy of data in different AWS accounts. Same-Region replication can help automatically replicate critical data when compliance regulations don't allow the data to leave your country.
	
Requirements for Replication:
		
		Both source and destination buckets must have versioning enabled
		S3 must have permissions to replicate objects from the source bucket to the destination bucket on your behalf. (Using Roles)
		If the owner of the source bucket doesn't own the object in the bucket, the object owner must grant the bucket owner READ and READ_ACP permissions with the object access control list (ACL)
		If the source bucket has S3 Object Lock enabled, the destination bucket must also have S3 Object Lock enabled		